Accessibility features for markdown files (#249)
TBD54566975/web5-js: CONTRIBUTING.md

  rebase atop the upstream `main` branch. This will limit the potential for merge
  conflicts during review, and helps keep the audit trail clean. A good writeup for
  how this is done is

>   [written up in our beginners' guide to squashing commits tutorial](https://medium.com/@slamflipstrom/a-beginners-guide-to-squashing-commits-with-git-rebase-8185cf6e62ec), and if you're

Reviewer: It isn't a guide that TBD created so removed the "our" portion:
```suggestion
 [this beginner's guide to squashing commits](https://medium.com/@slamflipstrom/a-beginners-guide-to-squashing-commits-with-git-rebase-8185cf6e62ec)
```
